Name: Chris Peabody
Class: CS54, Section A

Change a tire in under 30 minutes
1. Get out and open the trunk
2. Check if you have the required tools (Lug-wrench, jack, and spare tire)
  a. If all of the items are present, go on to 3.
  b. If not, break down and cry before calling road side assistance
3. Put the jack under the car and jack it up
4. Undo each lugnut on the tire until all of them are off
5. Remove the tire from the car, and put the replacement tire in it's place
6. Use the lug-wrench to fasten the new tire into place
7. Put the gas to the floorboard and make it to class on time

Convert decimal numbers to binary
1. Create a value called output representing the finished product, let input
represent the decimal number
2. Check whether input is equal to or higher than 256
  a. if so, set the first character in output to 1, subtract 256 from the input
  b. else, set the first character in output to 0
3. Check whether input is equal to or higher than 128
  a. if so, set the second character in output to 1, subtract 128 from input
  b. else, set the second character in output to 0
4. Check whether input is equal to or higher than 64
  a. if so, set the third character in output to 1, subtract 64 from input
  b. else, set the third character in output to 0
5. Check whether input is equal to or  higher than 32
  a. if so, set the fourth character in output to 1, subtract 32 from input
  b. else, set the fourth character in output to 0
6. Check whether input is equal to or higher than 16
  a. if so, set the fifth character in output to 1, subtract 16 from input
  b. else, set the fifth character in out to 0
7. Check whether input is equal to or higher than 8
  a. if so, set the sixth character in output to 1, subtract 8 from input
  b. else, set the sixth character in output to 0
8. Check whether input is equal to or higher than 4
  a. if so, set the seventh character in output to 1, subtract 4 from input
  b. else, set the seventh character in output to 0
9. Check whether input is equal to or higher than 1
  a. if so, set the eigth character in output to 1
  b. else, set the eigth character in output to 0
(This may be able to be said in less lines, but this is the exact process to
use)

Add fractions
1. Check whether the denominators of the fractions are the same
  a. If not, multiply the numerator and denominator of the first fraction by
the denominator of the second fraction, and multiply the numerator and
denominator of the second fraction by the denominator of the first fraction.
(Now the fractions should have the same denominator, althought the fraction
may be horribley unsimplified)
2. Create a new fraction
3. Add the numerators of the first two fractions, and set the numerator of
the new fraction to that value.
4. Set the denominator of the new fraction to that of the other two
fractions

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Accidentally did these problems. Decided to save them because why not?]

Find the lexicographic difference of two words
1. Compare the first letters
  a. If they are the same, move to the next two letters, etc.
  b. If they are different, find their numerical values
2. Subtracts the numerical values and take the absolute values
  (Alternatively, find which is higher, and subtracts the higher from the
lower.)

Direct the robot through the maze
1. Sense if wall is in front
  a. If there is, turn left, back to step 1
  b. If there is not, go forward
2. Check if goal is reached
  a. If so, finish
  b. If not, back to step 1
(This will work assuming there are no portions that cause the robot to walk
forward, turn completely around, walk back, and turn completely around
again.)

Help the students find their ID's
1. Have one student pull an id out
  a. If it is theirs, they leave the class
  b. Otherwise, talk to a student to see if it is theirs
    i. If it is theirs, trade it to them, and they leave the class, go
       back to 1.
    ii. If it is not theirs, go back to b. and talk to a different student
2. Once there are not more students to pull id's out, then it's all done!

(This was done assuming the students could not have just looked at the name
on the id and given it to who owns it.)

